# LLM + LLM_Portfolio


Project Description

Prepare to leverage your practical skills by using pre-trained LLMs! In this project, you are an AI developer hired by an auto dealership company.

Your task is to implement pre-trained large language model (LLM) use cases for tasks such as analyzing and classifying customer reviews on cars, responding to inquiries about available car models, and translating the company's English text data into other languages.

The CTO at "Car-ing is sharing", a car sales and rental company, hired you to help prototype a chatbot app that addresses diverse inquiries using LLMs. She proposed you piloting the following tasks:

Use a pre-trained LLM to classify the sentiment of the five car reviews in the car_reviews.csv dataset, and evaluate the classification accuracy and F1 score of predictions. Store the model outputs in predicted_labels, then extract the labels and map them onto a list of {0,1} integer binary labels called predictions. Store the calculated metrics in accuracy_result and f1_result. The company is recently attracting customers from Spain. Extract and pass the first two sentences of the first review in the dataset to an English-to-Spanish translation LLM. Calculate the BLEU score to assess translation quality, using the content in reference_translations.txt as references. Store the translated text generated by the LLM in translated_review. Store the BLEU score metric result in bleu_score. The 2nd review in the dataset emphasizes brand aspects. Load an extractive QA LLM such as "deepset/minilm-uncased-squad2" to formulate the question "What did he like about the brand?" and obtain an answer. Use question and context for the two variables containing the LLM inputs: question and context. Store the actual text answer in answer. Summarize the last review in the dataset, into approximately 50-55 tokens long. Store it in the variable summarized_text.

Car-ing is sharing, an auto dealership company for car sales and rental, is taking their services to the next level thanks to Large Language Models (LLMs).

As their newly recruited AI and NLP developer, you've been asked to prototype a chatbot app with multiple functionalities that not only assist customers but also provide support to human agents in the company.

The solution should receive textual prompts and use a variety of pre-trained Hugging Face LLMs to respond to a series of tasks, e.g. classifying the sentiment in a car’s text review, answering a customer question, summarizing or translating text, etc.

In order to complete the project you may wish to install some Hugging Face libraries such as transformers and evaluate.

How to approach the project: 

- Classify car reviews

- Translate a car review

- Ask a question about a car review

- Summarize and analyze a car review
